[Applause]
what is America
America's we've been told the land of
the free
so tell me that what is more American
than the purge I know it's asking a lot
to work on purge night do me a favor be
safe tonight
please stay within the protected area as
an American you're free to choose how
you will spend this evening of infant
impossibility if people have a legal way
to get rid of their anger and rage crime
will go down we'll all benefit look at
my sister and she purging no she's being
purged upon on / tonight you are free to
do whatever you want on purge night
America lives up to its promise our
generous donations to the new founding
father
hope cent implement policies we
the purge is America this is the
commencement of the annual purge all cry
blessed be America it is the giving time
[Applause]
it's beauty of America opportunity for
all right
you